Add note on what Snakemake is (#305)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-downstream-analyses: README.md

### b) Install Snakemake

#### What is Snakemake?
The core downstream single-cell analysis pipeline, which includes filtering, normalization, dimensionality reduction, and clustering is implemented using Snakemake.

> Snakemake is a workflow manager that provides an execution environment for speedy implementation of multiple scripts.

Reviewer: I don't think this sentence is necessary if we add the link/phrasing in my previous suggestion.

> By using Snakemake, users can run the core downstream analysis pipeline with a single call, rather than having to run each [core downstream analysis script](core-analysis/) on its own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Snakemake, users can run the core downstream analysis pipeline with a single call, rather than having to run each [core downstream analysis script](core-analysis/) on its own.
```

> We use Snakemake to run the core downstream analysis scripts found in the `core-analysis` subdirectory in their logical order.

Reviewer: I think the "where the scripts are located" bit isn't really needed for most readers, but it can't hurt to keep there in some fashion, hence the link.
I've rephrased this to put the users more in the driver seat of the sentence. I'm not actually sure how I feel about this though, since I also don't know if we really need anything besides "snakemake is a workflow manager." But, the text below might be useful for people who need a better sense of _why_ we use snakemake.
What do you think?

```suggestion
By using Snakemake, users can run the core downstream analysis pipeline with a single call, rather than having to run each [core downstream analysis script](core-analysis/) on its own.
```

Author: I do like this wording!
